A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.  :Bruce Lee
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.:Unknown
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?:Lao Tzu
I was angered, for I had no shoes. Then I met a man who had no feet. :Chinese Proverb
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.:Niccolo Machiavelli
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.:Meister Eckhart
The path is difficult to ensure worthiness. The lazy look elsewhere, The persevering find riches.:Ming-Dao Deng
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow. :Orison Swett Marden
Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another.:Mark Manson
Sometimes out of your biggest misery, comes your greatest gain.:Steve Harvey
Thinking is the hardest work there is. That is why so few people engage in it.:Robert Kiyosaki
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.:Albus Dumbledore
We will now discuss in a little more detail the Struggle for Existence.:Charles Darwin
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this.:Henry David Thoreau
It's better to dance than to march through life.:Yoko Ono
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.:Carl Jung
Better to live until you die.:Dan Millman
Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.:Criss Jami
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying.:Amelia Earhart
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.:Helen Keller
Well done is better than well said.:Benjamin Franklin
Make your mind your own business.:Jack Butcher
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.:Richard Bach
Don't allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily.:Paulo Coelho
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.:Zen Proverb
It is not enough to win a war; it is more important to organize the peace.:Aristotle
Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you.:Thomas Jefferson
Darkness is the absence of light.:Kamal Ravikant
You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream.:John Eliot
Nothing makes a man broad-minded like adversity.:Will Rogers
Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation.:Isaac Newton
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.:Og Mandino
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.:Leonardo da Vinci
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.:Aristotle
Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.:Napoleon Hill
All has not been said and never will be.:Samuel Beckett
Winners don't Quit. That's why they Win.:Unknown
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.:John Wooden
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. :Beverly Sills
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.:Ralph Marston
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.:Robert Kiyosaki
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.:Walt Disney
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.:Unknown
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.:A.A. Milne
An empty head is not really empty; it is stuffed with rubbish. Hence the difficulty of forcing anything into an empty head.:Eric Hoffer
You are the only problem you will ever have and you are the only solution.:Bob Proctor
