New beginnings are disguised as painful endings.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing.
When you move beyond your fear, you feel free.
Keep your dreams, you never know when you might need them.
Mastery is not a function of genius or talent, it is a function of time and intense focus applied to a particular field of knowledge.
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.
Happiness is only real, when shared.
A gentleman accepts the responsibility of his actions and bears the burden of their consequences.
The less you want, the richer you are. The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you'll be.
You can only be afraid of what you think you know.
Success is not the result of making money; making money is the result of success - and success is in direct proportion to our service.
By going within. Nowhere you can go is more peaceful - more free of interruptions - than your own soul.
The most difficult times for many of us are the ones we give ourselves.
If he cannot stop the mind that seeks after fame and profit, he will spend his life without finding peace.
If they wrote it to make money, don't read it.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Even a hare will bite when it is cornered. 
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.
Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
A man who cannot tolerate small misfortunes can never accomplish great things.
Greatest success comes just one step beyond the point at which defeat overtakes you.
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
Today will never happen again. Don't waste it with a false start or no start at all.
A gentleman is one who puts more into the world than he takes out.
If you want more luck, take more chances.
Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.
There can be no greater gift than that of giving one's time and energy to help others without expecting anything in return.
He who possesses most must be most afraid of loss.
You can do nothing to change the past, and the future will never come exactly as you plan or hope for.
Only one thing is ever guaranteed, that is that you will definitely not achieve the goal if you don't take the shot.
The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will'. Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities.
Dreams are for dreamers. Goals are for achievers.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.  
When you repeat a mistake, it is not a mistake anymore: it is a decision.
If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.
Change happens when the pain of holding on becomes greater than the fear of letting go.
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
Life should be touched, not strangled.  
The sun is new each day.
A life without a cause is a life without effect.
If you want peace, you won't get it with violence.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
Even if our home burns down we can rebuild it. But the things that we got for nothing, we can never replace.
