Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time.:Brian Tracy
You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.:Paulo Coelho
The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself.:Celestine Chua
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.:Albus Dumbledore
The secret of getting started is breaking your complex, overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one.:Mark Twain
It is often safer to be in chains than to be free. :Franz Kafka
If you believe you can, you can. If you believe you can't, then, well you can't.:Celestine Chua
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. :Oscar Wilde
If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old.:Peter Drucker
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.:Albert Einstein
Winners don't Quit. That's why they Win.:Unknown
We can either add to our character each day, or we can fritter away our energies in distractions.:Ming-Dao Deng
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.:Ralph Waldo Emerson
Get mad, then get over it.:Colin Powell
Never be bored, and you will never be boring.:Eleanor Roosevelt
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.:Elon Musk
Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.:F. Scott Fitzgerald
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.:Niccolo Machiavelli
If you set your goals ridiculously high and its a failure, you will fail above everyone elses success.:James Cameron
The heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care.:Emily Dickinson
How many times do you have to get hit over the head until you figure out who's hitting you?:Harry S. Truman
To lead the people, walk behind them.:Lao Tzu
Before preparing to improve the world, first look around your own home three times. :Chinese Proverb
It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one.:Socrates
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others succeed.:Napoleon Hill
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.:Franz Kafka
We cannot change anything unless we accept it.:Carl Jung
You cannot change your destination overnight but you can change your direction overnight.:Jim Rohn
If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like.:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you can't, you must. If you must, you can.:Tony Robbins
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.:Roy T. Bennett
Everyone has the right to make his own decisions, but none has the right to force his decision on others.:Ayn Rand
Do one thing every day that scares you.:Eleanor Roosevelt
To travel is to be alive, but to get somewhere is to be dead.:Alan Watts
It is only depth of character that determines the profundity with which we face life.:Ming-Dao Deng
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.:Unknown
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.:Wayne Gretzky
A Hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.:Christopher Reeve
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.:Kahlil Gibran
